Oh, I see.
I'm here to pay for medical expenses
No, we're not here to take medical bills
The best treatment options for leukemia
It's a hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
Tingting's mother
And Tingting's younger brother both failed to inquire
You are all related to Tingting by blood
The success rate of Peyser is much higher than that of ordinary people
So I'm going to ask for your help.
Matching with Jin Jing for Hematopoietic Stem Cells
I beg you.
Save the child
hematopoietic stem cells
How is it?
It should be blood
I guess with that big needle
Pull the marrow out
Come on.
That is.
Weasels and Hundreds of Years of Good Heart
It's not for money
This is for disease.
No no
This bone marrow never dies
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just a partial extraction.
Bone marrow regenerates in two weeks.
It has no effect on the body.
How can surgery have no effect on the body?
It is impossible for me to risk my life
Healthy to take risks
I can't help you with this.
Let's go let's go
I beg you.
You can check it online.
It really has no effect on the body.
I beg you.
Dear elders